README.md, before:

# sv

Everything you need to build a Svelte project, powered by [`sv`](https://github.com/sveltejs/cli).

## Creating a project

If you're seeing this, you've probably already done this step. Congrats!

```bash
# create a new project in the current directory
npx sv create

# create a new project in my-app
npx sv create my-app
```

## Developing

Once you've created a project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn`), start a development server:

```bash
npm run dev

# or start the server and open the app in a new browser tab
npm run dev -- --open
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
npm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.

> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://svelte.dev/docs/kit/adapters) for your target environment.

## References

[Fix tailwind + shadcn](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/77443221/the-border-border-class-does-not-exist-if-border-border-is-a-custom-class)

Commit message:

update readme for tauri dev

README.md, after:

# sv

Everything you need to build a Svelte project, powered by [`sv`](https://github.com/sveltejs/cli).

## Creating a project

If you're seeing this, you've probably already done this step. Congrats!

```bash
# create a new project in the current directory
npx sv create

# create a new project in my-app
npx sv create my-app
```

## Developing for Web App

Once you've created a project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn`), start a development server:

```bash
npm run dev

# or start the server and open the app in a new browser tab
npm run dev -- --open
```

## Developing for Desktop App

Follow instruction at (rust website)[https://v2.tauri.app/start/prerequisites/]

Run the below command to start a dev server
```bash
npm run dev
```

After the dev server is up, run the below command on another terminal
```bash
npx tauri dev
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
npm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.

> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://svelte.dev/docs/kit/adapters) for your target environment.

## References

[Fix tailwind + shadcn](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/77443221/the-border-border-class-does-not-exist-if-border-border-is-a-custom-class)
