todo.md, before:

- [x] Sidebar stays highlighted when clicked
- [x] Add "paper" and "highlights" option to research project
- [x] Make cards in annotation and library consistent to the one in research projects
- [x] Create add project modal
- [x] Create add paper modal
- [x] Create filter modal in library page
- [x] Add project modal input validation
- [x] Add paper modal input validation
    - Partially done, for the link I need to make a HEAD request to see if the response is a PDF
- [x] Search project funtionality
- [x] Search project paper funtionality
- [x] Search highlights funtionality
- [x] When user click copy in annotations, it shows a (popover)[https://www.shadcn-svelte.com/docs/components/popover] and show `copy annotation` or `copy reference`
- [x] When tags are click, it will filter just the papers/annotations that has that tag
- [x] Delete tag
- [x] Add tag
- [x] When deleting tag, remove it also from the filtered tag
- [x] Implement add tag to research projects page (papers)
- [x] Implement add tag to research projects page (highlights)
- [x] Implement remove tag to research projects page (papers)
- [x] Implement remove tag to research projects page (highlights)
- [x] Implement view all tag to research projects page (papers)
- [x] Implement view all tag to research projects page (highlights)
- [x] Delete highlight
- [x] Delete paper
- [x] When deleting a paper that is filtered by highlight, the filtered highlight is still active
- [x] When deleting a tag that is filtered by highlight, the filtered tag is still active
- [x] Update the snippet component to match the rest of the UI
- [x] Use dialog instead of custom modal for tags in all component
- [x] Refactor sheet/alert dialog/dialog by adding bind:open and uncluttering the html since they do not need to be embedded. See https://claude.ai/chat/3cf4d9d1-37c3-4bda-b23d-b20ab67728cb for reference
- [ ] Create DB schema
- [ ] Deploy DB
- [ ] Implement auth
- [ ] Integrate with UploadThing
- [ ] API
    - [ ] Create research project
    - [ ] Get research project
    - [ ] Upload paper
    - [ ] Store link
    - [ ] Showcase PDF
    - [ ] Delete paper/link
    - [ ] Add annotation
    - [ ] Get annotation
    - [ ] Delete annotation
    - [ ] Add tag to annotationß
    - [ ] add tag to paper
    - [ ] Delete tag
    - [ ] Add comment
    - [ ] Delete comment
    - [ ] Update comment

Commit message:

add pricing and change SSR

todo.md, after:

- [x] Sidebar stays highlighted when clicked
- [x] Add "paper" and "highlights" option to research project
- [x] Make cards in annotation and library consistent to the one in research projects
- [x] Create add project modal
- [x] Create add paper modal
- [x] Create filter modal in library page
- [x] Add project modal input validation
- [x] Add paper modal input validation
    - Partially done, for the link I need to make a HEAD request to see if the response is a PDF
- [x] Search project funtionality
- [x] Search project paper funtionality
- [x] Search highlights funtionality
- [x] When user click copy in annotations, it shows a (popover)[https://www.shadcn-svelte.com/docs/components/popover] and show `copy annotation` or `copy reference`
- [x] When tags are click, it will filter just the papers/annotations that has that tag
- [x] Delete tag
- [x] Add tag
- [x] When deleting tag, remove it also from the filtered tag
- [x] Implement add tag to research projects page (papers)
- [x] Implement add tag to research projects page (highlights)
- [x] Implement remove tag to research projects page (papers)
- [x] Implement remove tag to research projects page (highlights)
- [x] Implement view all tag to research projects page (papers)
- [x] Implement view all tag to research projects page (highlights)
- [x] Delete highlight
- [x] Delete paper
- [x] When deleting a paper that is filtered by highlight, the filtered highlight is still active
- [x] When deleting a tag that is filtered by highlight, the filtered tag is still active
- [x] Update the snippet component to match the rest of the UI
- [x] Use dialog instead of custom modal for tags in all component
- [x] Refactor sheet/alert dialog/dialog by adding bind:open and uncluttering the html since they do not need to be embedded. See https://claude.ai/chat/3cf4d9d1-37c3-4bda-b23d-b20ab67728cb for reference
- [ ] Move landing page to this repository
- [ ] Change repository name to eaglecite
- [ ] Change dokploy target repository
- [ ] Implement auth
- [ ] Create DB schema
- [ ] Deploy DB
- [ ] Integrate with UploadThing
- [ ] API
    - [ ] Create research project
    - [ ] Get research project
    - [ ] Upload paper
    - [ ] Store link
    - [ ] Showcase PDF
    - [ ] Delete paper/link
    - [ ] Add annotation
    - [ ] Get annotation
    - [ ] Delete annotation
    - [ ] Add tag to annotationß
    - [ ] add tag to paper
    - [ ] Delete tag
    - [ ] Add comment
    - [ ] Delete comment
    - [ ] Update comment
